DOC-1753: Document Spelling Autocorrect plugin (#2500)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/autocorrect_capitalize.adoc

[[autocorrect_capitalize]]
== `+autocorrect_capitalize+`

> This option enables or disables capitlization autocorrection when the {productname} editor is loaded. When set to `false`, capitlization autocorrection is disabled when the editor is initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option enables or disables capitalization autocorrection when the {productname} editor is loaded. When set to `true`, capitalization autocorrection is disabled when the editor is initialized.
```

Reviewer 2: @tiny-ben-tran , did you mean to change the `false` to `true` here?

Reviewer: It is as an example since the default is `false`.

Reviewer 3: Fixed as part of a different commit (that included the whole megilla of new known issues).

> [[autocorrect_capitalize]]
> 
> == `+autocorrect_capitalize+`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[[autocorrect_capitalize]]
== `+autocorrect_capitalize+`
```

This option enables or disables the autocorrection for capitalization errors when the editor is loaded. When set to `false`, the autocorrection will be disabled when the editor is initialized.

> NOTE: The user's preference takes precendence over the configuration at the next initialization. The user's preference is saved to `localStorage` when the user enables or disables the autocorrection via menu item.

Reviewer 4: Why do we have the spelling note in autocorrect but not here?

Also this note is duplicated word for word and should be extracted out into a partial to remove the duplication across the options.

Reviewer: Oh right. Forgot that capitalization is also disabled when the spelling language is not English

[[autocorrect_capitalize]]
== `+autocorrect_capitalize+`

This option enables or disables capitalization autocorrection when the {productname} editor is loaded.

> When set to `true`, capitalization autocorrection is enabled when {productnam} is initialized.

Reviewer 5: Should be `{productname}` not `{productnam}`

Reviewer 3: Typo corrected.
